From: John Wilson [mailto:john.wilson@clearys.ie]
Sent: 10 September 2015 15:47
To: shanleyglennon@gmail.com
Subject: Mel McWeeney, 15 Ard na Cassa Lawns, Dublin Rd, Longford - Attn Anne Lordan

Dear Anne,

I enclosed the following for your attention;

1. Signed Mandate - Mel requested I forward you a copy 
2. Claim Breakdown - Please note this is the claim document prepared by Cleary's and not by insurers.

Please be advised I forwarded an offer of settlement via post to Mr. McWeeney on the 21st June.
I awaited hearing from Mr. McWeeney as to exact quantities of CDs, records videos etc 
prior to reverting to insurers to seek increases.
I received the requested contents breakdown via email on the 7th September.

I have spoken with Mr. McWeeney in respect of Alternate Accommodation costs.
He has forwarded details of Bed and Breakfast costs incurred to date. 

I had discussed same with Mr. McWeeney 
and highlighted the concerns insurers might have with same. 

The policy facilitates alternate comparable accommodation for the duration of repairs 
or whilst the property remains un inhabitable. 

Insurers may view Bed and Breakfast costs excessive 
as opposed to rental of a similar property in Longford town. 

Notwithstanding the above would appreciate if Mr. McWeeney could forward 
receipts to date for accommodation and I will seek an increase 
in the Accommodation allowance proposed.

For your records, the current offer of settlement negotiated to date is as follows;

Building: €15,567.59
Contents: €8,297.10
Accommodation: €1,800.00
Sub Total: €25,664.69.

A policy excess of €300.00 and retention of €3,900.00 applies.

I await hearing from Mr. McWeeney as to whether he wishes for us to proceed. 
He indicated earlier today he may not. 
Should he wish for me to continue negotiations 
I will then revert Insurers and seek increases in the relevant areas. 
Should he not, I will withdraw our documents accordingly.

Should you have any queries do not hesitate to contact me. 
I look forward to hearing from you.


Kind Regards

John Wilson
Cleary Loss Assessors
086 8211101