Dear Mr. Cleary,

On trusted recommendation, I became a client of Clearys following a house fire in the morning of 10th May 2015.  I had been given to understand that I could inform you of my circumstances, and be relieved of the stress of dealing with the insurance company directly, and would be professionally looked after by people acting in my interest, and kept up to date on developments.

By way of background, I'm without family, and depend on the professionalism of those I choose to act on my behalf.  I have been absolutely let down by Clearys, and the timing of this email, is prompted by the concern that matters will not be resolved by Christmas.

Before 13 July 2015, my first day in a new job in Mullingar, I ensured that there was no reason why work on the house could not proceed.  To ensure this, I'd made sure that everything in the kitchen / living-room that was either valuable or confidential, was removed.  This was because I was informed that the first task in the renovation would be to dump everything that remained in the room.

For no good reason I can see, NOTHING would be done until ALL figures had been submitted, INCLUDING a full inventory from me of lost items, which was no small task.  This was very intransigent under the circumstances.

A number of weeks ago, I was absolutely incensed to return to the house and collect my post on a Friday evening, only to discover I'd been told that I was "uncontactable" despite the steps I took to ensure I wasn't.

* I left an "extended absence greeting" giving my mobile contact number on my landline, for anyone who might want to contact me, ideally about work.

* I have been answered by name without introduction by John Wilson on this very same mobile number, on various occasions when I rang, meaning my name was on his contacts.

On at least three occasions, I was told I'd be called back "in a few minutes" but no there were no missed calls in my phone's call logs.

This prompted me to specifically request to see the figures prepared, and a COPY OF THE AGREEMENT I signed (so that I could see in writing, the level of service I could expect).  In the interest of progress, I did not insist on this at the time (and was sent just the page with the signitures).  I'm sure when I'm more organised, my own full copy will turn up.

On Saturday 19 September, I showed my builder the proposal document, and the house.  He noted a number of anomolies, and in general is of the opinion that the figures are somewhere between completely unrealistic and skin-tight.  Furthermore, the omission of an electrician makes it a shoddy and unusable basis for negotiating repairs.  The proposal is worthless.

I attempted to follow this up a couple of times (see the email attached).  This was not responded to, despite calling and speaking to Lorna at your office on Thursday 2 October, and asking her to tell him to get in contact.

Instead of a response I received a text message from John Wilson on at 09:54 01/10/2015: "Your phone was not ringing it kept dropping".  NOTHING APPEARED IN THE MISSED CALL LOG.  The following day, I rang the same phone, located in the exact same parking spot, and there was no problem, and a subsequent unanswered call WAS recorded.  These lies are pathetic and insulting.

I suggest that matters now be resolved as follows:

1) Clearys provide confirmation to me in writing, that I will not be pursued for payment for a document unfit for purpose, namely the proposal.

2) That emergency accomodation necessitated by incompetence and delays be covered by Clearys, as the insurance envisages accomodation while actual work proceeds.  If this does not happen, I will take the necessary legal action to have these expenses recovered.

Alternatively, should you believe that the above resolution is not to your satisfaction, please outline to me by email, before the end of this week (Friday 9 October 2015) how and when you will resolve matters, as I have people ready to commence work, and am entirely out of patience.

Regards,

Mel McWeeney.
